Boy, you used to be a soldier
Why are you so cowardly now?
Knife, you don't understand
The high price of doing business in Binhai cannot be offended
Hmph, did Chen Xiaodao hear it?
You now know my price is high
What is the status in Binhai?
Well, now I know.
Ben Shao is magnanimous
You two now kneel down and kowtow three times for me
Give me that land again
I could consider sparing your dog's life
Sure, it's not expensive.
Hahaha
Hahahaha
Shaofeng, don't embarrass the soldiers
Chen Xiaodao, do you care about robbing?
Chen Xiaodao, how dare you hit me Gao Mingyu
I warn you, Wang Shaofeng is my brother
If you dare to bully him again in the future
As long as you are sure of what you want to do
Ah, that's right.
The account between us should also be settled
What do you mean?
I am now from the finance department of Sun Group
I'm here to collect Mr. Wang's account
Mr. Wang has not given it before
It turns out that you are the one doing the stalking in the bushes
You are talking nonsense
None of my business
I'm a reasonable person
As long as you pay back Wang Shaofeng's account, I can collect it.
You give or not?
It turns out that you are Wang Shaofeng, this trash who came to help
I tell you the truth
There is no problem with Wang Shaofen's materials.
But you want money?
But it's just what I said
But I'm just fucking saying his material is substandard
I just don't give money
You hit me
Ha ha.
How could someone still make such a strange request?